I'm gonna live laughs just for today
you wanna take all the trouble tomorrow
my ring and put it away gonna drink
every drop of happiness too late cover
me up I'm gonna live on the left go
alone I've got a buddy the Kwik shop
worrying about stocks and bonds he's up
and down and the only smiles when the
markets strong I spend my whole week's
wages at the talents on Saturday night
I won't ever grow up portfolio but hey
that's all right I'm gonna live just
gonna take all the trouble tomorrow and
put it away
they cover me up I'm gonna live gonna
laugh
I got a cabin in the country and the tin
roof rattles when the rain comes down
where the winds were the pine helps me
unwind while the world goes round I've
got a woman that fills my heart so full
that it overflows and how it gets any
better than this brother I don't know
just for today wanna take all the
trouble tomorrow my ring and put it away
gonna drink every drop of happy past
till they cover me up I'm gonna live
gonna laugh
today